# __Migration From GitLab To Github With Python__
This is a Collection of Python scripts used to gather information from Git APIs (GitLab and GitHub) and then migrate code to GitHub.

## Steps For Execution
__1. Replace all placeholders in code with corrected filepaths and filenames__

__2. Create new organizations under a single user for every group in gitlab__

__3. Run scripts in this order:__
   - _repoRetrieval.py_:
     - go through steps to generate a json that stores urls for EVERY repo to be migrated that are stored under top level groups. Make sure access token has admin level perms, and check that url to gitlab is correct.
   - _generateTokens.py_:
     - generates file with access tokens for all organizations provided
   - _createRepos.py_:
     - creates bare repositories using data generated by previous two scripts. These will be populated in a later step
   - _gitClone.py_:
     - clones repos from gitlab urls in json and stores in directory format-> ParentDir>>groupName/orgName>>repo
   - _retrieveRepoURLs.py_:
     - retrieves urls for the target github repos created by 'createRepos.py' and stores in json
   - _pushLocalRepos.py_:
     - pushes the local clones up to the target github repos
     
__4. OPTIONAL scripts:__
   - _filterCSV.py_:
     - useful to remove certain org tokens from csv if there was a problem before re-running one of the above scripts
   - _setReposPrivate.py_:
     - sets all provided repos to private visability using urls json
   - _removeRef.py_:
     - removes all local clones from specified directory. __NOTE: admin rights required to run__
     
